we have a look at the grid for the RX
lights Intercontinental Cup Final which
is up now on pole then Oliver Erickson
was Cyril Raymond alongside him on drew
Raja and Alex Tagliani on row two
- very good Canadian drivers and York in
vault Alejandro Fernandez on the back
row rx lights fine all the ribs are up
Greek flag ready to race
but away from the line of these stars to
go by Raymond Raymond is going with the
Eriksen a fantastic job he needs to
paper cross shut the door on the inside
to receive just so confident he does he
sweeps across just at the last second oh
it's gonna be tied into turn one more
contact again between the two Canadians
actually yeah that's no good is it not
exactly what you just about these
Canadians sir you know you know more
about them the main column in these
we're not talking about amateur drivers
here are we actually Alex Tagliani at
the ball that didn't the Annapolis 500
just the NASCAR driver IndyCar driver
and dodge it's the cb1 everywhere he
went Canadian champion he raced in
Formula cars is the youngest guy in the
history of IndyCar racing who podium at
his second race so enter ah she is just
pure talent
you want a lot of time to master the
entire championship
done anymore is really in this car and
he's been absolutely fantastic he was he
was the TQ man winning two heats overall
that says a lot about it the guys
versatility wonderful drive control you
eat this burger that our yesterday at
the first regular session and he was
already fast he was setting fastest time
one after the other extremely quick
driver and it's got a facility to adapt
to anything including motorcycle racing
now in the background vault Fernandez
and Tagliani of all Joker to the third
place man Roger goes into the jug lap
now and he's going to come back out so
nice drop by Roger Roger immediately
puts himself on for a podium but in
tackling those properties first that was
a minute's a loss around nine seconds on
the leader that did include a joker but
that's only two so probably seven six
these two guys don't a team member tones
colored cars Erickson of course the
youngest son of anthrax Erickson the
boss supporter MSE the World
Championship team a bit of mileage in
these cars
he led here last year until he crashed
16 years old he's to an American lights
and also a Swedish license plate on the
time behind him seal Ramon he's been a
French super 1600 champion and he's been
a supercar winner in France this year as
well so these two guys you know they're
coming right is he Braille across
actually a memo is really smart instead
of trying to attack lyrics and left and
right he just stays behind and they're
trained clock fast lap because the last
thing you want is having Andrew Ranger
with you when you exit the Joker so
those guys are really really running a
smart race with
sideways there now the last column
Erickson manages to avoid the wall sir
arraignment is being backed by the
French rallycross Federation in his
career to make it up towards the top
echelon to the sport
fucking-a he'll reach
it's a top man often up here in the
doctor box with us keeping an eye on the
action
not bad rallycross driver himself father
Eric said still leaving this one
fastest time for a week sent but now
she's a few dents over the second from
this time
so if she starts would be aggressive or
break on a bigger the joke but I think
he's run wide there are the brains he
look really like Rogers gonna threaten
him on the exit caddy get the cart back
the trike and up the inside right it's
got a problem rear left corner you seen
at the time was smoking there so he's
Roger gonna be able to get past him
listen for the crown of he does because
they go man if he does anything good she
was extremely good corner one under
braking
could say the cuffs it's intelligent
boring waters front wheels in the app
serosa trying to get Ramallah
demonstrate
robbing when he was in the gravel
section bellow and all
joke that he's Oliver Eriksen so he
could stay out front and hopefully pick
his moment
now she went through all his retires in
the practice sessions but he seems to
slow down a little bit then it's highly
unlikely that he does that Ericsson
Ericsson back out in the late
it's gonna be a player win for him doing
a fantastic job but Roger I think is at
least going to take a podium that will
set the local fans off now why are they
so passionate and this is a special
event card where every ever the defense
I mean they know the Canadians if
someone else goes off and a canadian
goes through the crowd go man they love
it when anything happens they're so
passionate about it yeah we're we're
crazy about motorsport we get flattened
blood there so I basically we just love
motorsport but wanted Yahoo is a very
special liver
that bits always Hoka you have time fun
with everyone know more about the
motorsport so for us the best racing
event it's not even f1 it's here in 12
yards Arabiya is a cracking venue he's
an absolutely fantastic venue Rajah
looking dangerous on the last lap he got
to have a look arraignment cause he
loves to play the mirror of other
drivers is filling the mirror left side
right side left side right right side is
really trying to make him nervous that's
a typical NASCAR move just love to have
to say hey I'm there I am there don't
make a mistake rubbings racing if they
die rubbings racing riders get
embarrassed and I go through the roster
he's gonna grab a podium spot out from
Oliver Ericsson has done a fantastic job
he wins need to come that Flores might
come over here in 20 a camera second
place goes to Raymond at third place
goes to Russia and you can hear the
crowd applauding in the background
they're very lazy around there there's
Ericsson each of these sign
celebrate three darkness
good lad get that man a supercar we like
decent decent celebrations that's what
we want to see waving to the crowd good
job all right here's the results Oliver
Erickson with the win sir a Raymond the
second Raja takes third Canadian on the
podium the revolt Fernandez and Tagliani